Welcome back in one of the previous steps we talked about the common functionality which is typically
implemented in the API gateway things like authentication authorization rate limits.
Service Aggregation fault tolerance logging these are typically the things which are typically implemented
in the API gateways.
We have the Zuul server.
ready to act as the API gateway.
And now we would want to implement some functionality in there.
What we'll do in this step is we would add some logging to the Zuul API gateway.
So what we'll do is any request that comes through the gateway.
What we'll log it.
Let's implement that during this step.
I'm opening eclipse and I'm in the Netflix Zuul API gateway server project and I would want to create
a new Java class new class.
I would say next I'll want to call the Zuui logging filter and say finish I'd want spring to manage this I'll say at component.
And also a Zuul filter should implement a specific class.
So it should extend a specific class which is Zuul filter let's organize the imports at component is imported
in Zuul filter is imported in.
If Let's look at this.
Zuul filter as you can see something from Netflix com Netflix Zuul Zuul core Zuul log in filter I can press control
One there is a compilation error because there are some abstract method which are present in this Zuul
filter which we would need to implement.
So what I do is add and implemented methods if you add and unimplemented methods you would get the default
implementations for all the abstract methods inside the Zuul filter so I'll remove the tools which are present
in here.
Control D command D.
And there are four important methods which are present in here should filter run filter type and filter
order.
Lets start with the filter order.
If you have multiple filters so lets say you have a Zuul logging filter Zuul security filter and a lot
of other filters you can set a priority order between them.
So you can give a priority order of one for these two for the other one and three for the other one
and so on.
So return a one down here.
So the filter order we are sitting for this one the second one is should this filter be executed or not.
You can actually implement business logic so you can check the request and see certain things and decide
if you would want to execute the filter or not.
For now we would want to execute this filter for every request.
So I will return true for should.
Filter the other method which is present in here is filter type the filter type is to when should the filtering.
Should filter be  happening before the request is executed or after the request has executed.
Or do you want to filter only error requests that have caused an exception to happen in this specific
example.
What we want to do is we would want to intercept all the requests before execution so I'll say pre filter type
we would want to this pre.
Here is where the real logic of the interception goes.
I'll leave the return I'll in here and implement the complete logic in here.
So what I would want to log is the details of the request.
So how do I get the current request.
I can say request context dot get current context dot get request.
This would give me the current HTTP request which is being handled I'll assign it to a local variable.
Just call this request that's cool.
What I would want to do is to log some of the information from this request so I would need a log object
so I will create a logger in here.
A private logger logger is equal to logger factory dot get logger and I would say this get class let's organize the imports.
I would want to use the SLF4J logger.
And now I'm ready to use the logger.
So what I would want to print is some of the details of the request right.
So I would say logger dot info and say request is this.
And I'll also want to print that request URI request.
URI is this.
Let's pass the perameters in does in request comma request dot get a request.
URI.
If you look at the HTTP servlet request there are a lot of other methods which it offers.
So if you want log other information feel free to do so and keeping it very simple and I'm just logging in.
Couple of things from the request.
That's it.
We have a logging filter ready in the next step.
We will understand how to execute requests through the Zuul API proxy in this step.
What we have done is very simple right.
We wrote simple Zuul logging filter.
The most important method that we have implemented is just to log the content of the request the thing is
in Zuul.
You can do a lot more than just logging the request if you want to implement security.
Or if you'd want to implement rate limiting this would be a great way to implement that in the next
step.
Let's see how to intercept requests using Zuul.
Until then bye.